---
parent: What is new
title: Versions 1.7.x
nav_order: 10
---

## Task Board v1.7.0 🎉

> YouTube video for this release : https://youtu.be/AEkX8mOHGeE

### New Features 🎁

- **More task formats support :** Almost all task formats such as indented tasks and tasks in callouts are now supported. | #133
- **Config Import/Export :** Now users can export their setting to take a backup and import again easily. } #354
- **Hide properties :** Hide selective task properties Reading as well as Live editor mode. | #111
- **Auto add unique-id :** The plugin will automatically add unique Id to your tasks. Necessary for various other features. | #254
- **Parent-Child linking :** Add child-tasks to your parent task as a dependency property and restrictions } #211 & #380 
- A new setting to restrict completion of parent-task when child-tasks/sub-tasks are incomplete. | #380
- **Store last view :** Now the plugin will remeber your last viewed board and the view type (Kanban or Map view).
- **Double click card actions :** A new setting to select the action you want for card double click. | #267
- All **wildcards** for tag setting wherever applicable to improve usability for nested tags | #343 & #372
- **QMD files support :** Tasks from QMD files will be now supported. | #331
- Use **Tasks plugin's edit task modal** through the edit button of task item card. | #339
- A **reload Obsidian** notice with a button will be shown whenever applicable setting has been changed. | #368
- Show last modified/added tasks on top of the column as a default sorting criteria until sorting feature is implemented. | #352

### Experimental Features
These features can be enabled using the **Experimental features** setting.

- **Task Notes :** Show normal notes as task cards to add a reminder to your notes and track them on the Kanban board.
- **Map view :** Spread out your tasks on a canvas, organize them efficiently and connect parent-child tasks to create a chain of tasks to manage your complex projects with ease.

### Bug Fixes 🛠
- The drop-down setting for **Tasks cache path** is taking too much width. | Fixed ✅
- The styling of frontmatter-tags in task item cards header are not correct. | Fixed ✅

### Other Changes 🔎
- Improved the **Preview** in setting under **Formats** tab to also have a live preview. #391
- Renamed **Automation** tab name to **Automations**.
- The other **Edit button action** setting options will now scroll to the task line when note opened.
- Enhanced `Edit task modal` UI for selecting child-tasks and few more icons.
- Modify the `onFileModified` function to also except filePath.
- Use Obsidian APIs for frontmatter processing.
- A lot of style improvements.
- Adjust Icons sizes in `AddOrEditTaskModal` component.
- Renamed `GlobalVariables.ts` to `uniqueIdentifiers.ts`.
- Renamed `scanningVault.ts` to `vaultScanner.ts`.
- **Optimization** : Save the tasks cache to disk after scanning all pending files and not after every files scan.


### Contributions

A big shout-out to the following contributors for helping me with testing the bugs, suggesting improvements and keeping the community active : 
- @AE-SAY-WAY
- @Paining
- @saslaw
- @ctbarber
- @dubyasqrd
- @rikashore
- @luisllamasbinaburo 
- @craziedde
- @nayatiuh 
- @macdonaldster

And thank you to all those who have reached out to me on other platforms for improvement of this plugin. I might have missed your name in above list, but your words means a lot to me.❤

### Acknowledgement 

* @Copilot made their first contribution in https://github.com/tu2-atmanand/Task-Board/pull/360


**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/tu2-atmanand/Task-Board/compare/1.6.11...1.7.0

---

## Task Board 1.7.1

### Bug fixes

- The time property is not populated correctly and everything gets messed up while adding the time property | #408 | Fixed ✅

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/tu2-atmanand/Task-Board/compare/1.7.0...1.7.1

---

